# CS305


Artemis Financial was a global finance company that developed individual finance planning for each client. This requires secure communications with both private and government agencies. Being proactive and checking on security of code and communcications is very important to the well being of us and the client, a chain is only as strong as its weakest link. Any vulnerability is a prime target for a relentless attacker trying to break into or disrupt our systems. The difficult part of this whole thing was the vulnerability report, I find it difficult to consume when there are so many errors present but having a list of known vulnerabilites in my project is invaluable and a major time save. We used mostly encryption and TLS secure communications to ensure a secure route of communication to clients. I think that using the maven project is always a good source of vulnerability checks but I think getting a group of coworkers together and doing a sit down review of the code and how it flows to identify potential issues will also be a very useful practice. Once I make the changes I thought I needed, I would run the maven report and see if any new vulnerabilites showed up on my report. Maven was a very useful tool. The practice of making sure that I clean all user input is definitely something I need to put into practice more to prevent malicious inputs. I would show a future employer about the quality of my code, when I wrote my code there were no initial errors or vulnerabilites found. I also have been using this to think of how to secure my currents jobs work processes since I work for a government agency with secure communciations. 
